Prepare 0.7.0 release (#261)
probe-rs/probe-rs: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

## [0.7.0]

### Added

> - Added support for RISV flashloaders! An example how to write one can be found here: https://github.com/Tiwalun/hifive-flashloader.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for RISC-V flashloaders! An example how to write one can be found here: https://github.com/Tiwalun/hifive-flashloader.
```

- Working basic flash downloader with nRF51.
- Introduce cargo-flash which can automatically build & flash the target elf file.

[Unreleased]: https://github.com/probe-rs/probe-rs/compare/v0.7.0...master
[0.7.0]: https://github.com/probe-rs/probe-rs/releases/tag/v0.7.0
[0.6.2]: https://github.com/probe-rs/probe-rs/releases/tag/v0.6.2
[0.6.1]: https://github.com/probe-rs/probe-rs/releases/tag/v0.6.1

> [0.6.0]: https://github.com/probe-rs/probe-rs/releases/tag/v0.6.0

Reviewer 2: Usually ranges are used for these as well, so the change log doesn't only show the differences between the tag and master but between the tags themselves.
